ice right now we have our sailor man by
far that's been put in the work I
respect BOTS clothing choice choose
wisely ah you don't have noticing about
the sea no like just a competitive scene
is always thing line is these certain
characters that gets used even though
like there are a whole bunch of I look
here you could use my first thank people
don't use villager but he'd be amazing I
mean it's not even is that it's that and
the fact that the best characters
usually went so I think so yeah when the
best quality aren't winning more people
look for those characters more people
win with those characters they're up
there we go we got cake a real being
serenaded right now guys did he ask you
out on a date even even if he didn't he
still serenade ban ban this bed out of
it Oh bouncer fisted back onto the stage
oh no eny com no it's only been 17
seconds vide cor they say that is that
is one of diddy kong he said am I not
asked here hahaha that's always what I
did he cause recovery you give them he's
dead fair fair now see fish all right
look that hit the balloon oh but good
luck I hope that was clear for good luck
for me until after that too
that's it my bigot oh he just barely we
did them that he did the near too early
and then there ended before that he got
there Square where for one man good grab
man why kk on America I think that's it
yeah there it is so salem has dum diddy
kong gifts on lockdown so that's
probably why he was bouncing fishing
back to the stage because since you guys
did it off so far he just go back onto
the stage away from the come back in the
near him yeah let's go for the safer
option here reserves the second jump
is there a drinkypoo fingers there's a
keeper for the tournament is there there
was there was think the skis is in
business destination or I looking for
Devil's how can use them in single
forget us we are in town a city still
got kk in the background what I
appreciate everybody loves you go
saturday she got combo be there hey oh
oh but then I thought a little bro for
they are you solid their soccer Sam
applying a lot of pressure what can't
get going kk come back neat
i scrub you see this mr. Ryder's vide
con Coughlin unicom instilled it's just
a knock-back I damage that girl
potential is good is that not as good so
you gotta you know like you said earn it
more man's diddy kong is looking clean
man oh nice pivot girl keep the salem
around for his money right now hot the
balloon pops balloon pops balloon go
right there man just manner that must
not want any good luck when he's got to
hyper steps to get hit with the epidural
fair down I think down throw up ever so
hit it might not kill know when in doubt
shoe ha so might not hit you guys are
great with meh stay on the lead for a
minute he was thinking about what you do
what quick one quits Mac oh yes it is
for the air dodge all right but I mean I
mean like he said one who ha ha she goes
down
ha oh you want for the bear oh jeez
praying 3 up there man faceted some jabs
and again come on he really likes diddy
kong different tempo I want did he call
this diddy kong racing is their favorite
game Frank you free I mean can we get a
sequel I'll be fine with that Salek
you've been saved coming back to the
stage I definitely was about to piss in
that situation grow into an heir he
jumped into the neck I'll just bet
they're movin up there
all right it was feeling each other
about diddy kong that's thirty-two
percent good fun it
sorry I fit in there yeah just racking
up damage really oh that was blended
right in his lap say hi how you doing
man we check that out back there oh the
movement the movement might be it oh no
I fair probably the thing up here we
kill Oh ahead that was a cleaner if he
got it but it looked like a bot landed
on the ground before he was able to get
that they're bouncing fish not gonna
kill at this point but let me know he
got him know that you got to die it's a
quick reminder go to a pivot grab
doesn't end up working on that dodge any
Congress at 157 oh nice big job not at
all Moses the dancin dancer with the
chips mans having chic problems and we
call she crowd problems I had when you
are unable to kill for a long time Diddy
Kong's oh there it is every month Danny
Kong was at 172 chillin chain and she
said nah son you gotta go cause man she
can seek is a kitten